Addition of EMEA server URI (#2416)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth.md

| ENABLED  | Required |
| OAUTH_CLIENT  | Required |
| OAUTH_CLIENT_TYPE  | Required |

> | OAUTH_REDIRECT_URI  | Required. If dbt Cloud is deployed on-premises, use the domain name of your application instead of `cloud.getdbt.com`. If you're on the EMEA servers, use `emea.dbt.com` for the redirect URI. |

Reviewer: I wonder if we should reword slightly and link to this [regions doc](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/deploy/regions) so when we add APAC, we don't need to edit this page again?

Reviewer 2: i totally agree with Leona! i linked to the regions doc in our [database page](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/get-started/connect-your-database) anticipating the apac instance change.

> | OAUTH_REDIRECT_URI  | Required. If dbt Cloud is deployed on-premises, use the domain name of your application instead of `cloud.getdbt.com`. If you're on the EMEA servers, use `emea.dbt.com` for the redirect URI. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| OAUTH_REDIRECT_URI  | Required. Use the access URL that corresponds to your server [region](/docs/deploy/regions). If dbt Cloud is deployed on-premises, use the domain name of your application instead of the access URL. |
```

Reviewer 2: suggestion small tweak based on Leona's feedback

Reviewer 3: Perfect!  Thank you.

Author: Perfect!  Thank you @mirnawong1 and @runleonarun
